README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

feat(gsu-frontend): updated readme file

README.md, after:

# GSU Frontend

This project serves as the frontend for the GSU project.

The project utilises the following tech stack:

1. NextJS
2. Typescript
3. StyledComponents

## Getting Started

First, install the dependencies

```bash
npm install
```

then run the development server:

```bash
npm run build && npm start
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.


## Frontend Requirements (Next.js React TypeScript)

    - [x] Create a visually appealing UI for the task management dashboard.
    - [x] Implement pages/components for listing tasks, adding tasks, editing tasks, and deleting tasks.
    - [x] Utilize TypeScript for type checking and improving code quality.
    - [x] Implement client-side routing for smooth navigation between pages.
    - [x] Make use of state management (e.g., React Context API, Redux) for managing application state.
    - [] Use responsive design to ensure the application works well on different screen sizes.

## Application Screenshots / Videos
